README.md, before:



![Github Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/senli1073/senli1073.github.io?style=flat)
![Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/senli1073/senli1073.github.io?style=flat)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/senli1073/senli1073.github.io)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/senli1073/senli1073.github.io)

# A simple Github Pages template for personal academic websites.

## Preview
[![Screenshot of the Website](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/senli1073/senli1073.github.io/main/screenshot_full.png)](https://senli1073.github.io/)


## Introduction

This personal academic website template is based on [bootstrap](https://github.com/StartBootstrap/startbootstrap-new-age).

The template is designed to integrate Markdown files as content input.  There's no need to compile the webpage before deployment.  Upon loading, the Markdown files are automatically parsed and embedded into the page.

This template supports LaTeX formula input. You can use `$...$` and `\(...\)` as delimiters for inline-math, or use `$$...$$` and `\[...\]` as delimiters for display-math. Macros such as `\ref{...}`, `\eqref{...}`, and `\begin{equation}...\end{equation}` are also supported. See [MathJax](https://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/index.html) for more details.

:milky_way: Demo: https://senli1073.github.io/


## Getting Start
### 1. Fork this repository
The repository name should be `<username>.github.io`, which will also be your website's URL.


### 2. Edit page content

(1) Go to the folder where you want to store your project, and clone the new repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/<username>/<username>.github.io.git
```
The directory structure is as follows:

```.
.
├── contents
└── static
    ├── assets
    │   └── img
    ├── css
    └── js
```

(2) Modify the content of each section, which corresponds to `contents/*.md`.

(3) Adjust the title, copyright information, and other text of the website in `contents/config.yml`

(4) Replace background image and photo with new ones for your web pages in `static/assets/img/`

(5) Push it: 
```
git commit -am 'init'
git push
```


### 3. Enjoy

Fire up a browser and go to `https://<username>.github.io`



## License

Copyright Sen Li, 2023. Licensed under an MIT license. You can copy and mess with this template.

Commit message:

doc: update the steps for deployment

README.md, after:



![Github Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/senli1073/senli1073.github.io?style=flat)
![Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/senli1073/senli1073.github.io?style=flat)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/senli1073/senli1073.github.io)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/senli1073/senli1073.github.io)

# A simple Github Pages template for personal academic websites.

## Preview
[![Screenshot of the Website](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/senli1073/senli1073.github.io/main/screenshot_full.png)](https://senli1073.github.io/)


## Introduction

This personal academic website template is based on [bootstrap](https://github.com/StartBootstrap/startbootstrap-new-age).

The template is designed to integrate Markdown files as content input.  There's no need to compile the webpage before deployment.  Upon loading, the Markdown files are automatically parsed and embedded into the page.

This template supports LaTeX formula input. You can use `$...$` and `\(...\)` as delimiters for inline-math, or use `$$...$$` and `\[...\]` as delimiters for display-math. Macros such as `\ref{...}`, `\eqref{...}`, and `\begin{equation}...\end{equation}` are also supported. See [MathJax](https://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/index.html) for more details.

:milky_way: Demo: https://senli1073.github.io/


## Getting Start
### 1. Fork this repository
The repository name should be `<username>.github.io`, which will also be your website's URL.


### 2. Edit page content

(1) Go to the folder where you want to store your project, and clone the new repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/<username>/<username>.github.io.git
```
The directory structure is as follows:

```.
.
├── contents
└── static
    ├── assets
    │   └── img
    ├── css
    └── js
```

(2) Modify the content of each section, which corresponds to `contents/*.md`.

(3) Adjust the title, copyright information, and other text of the website in `contents/config.yml`

(4) Replace background image and photo with new ones for your web pages in `static/assets/img/`

(5) Push it: 
```
git commit -am 'init'
git push
```

### 3. Setup
(1) Under your repository name, click `Settings`.

(2) In the "Code and automation" section of the sidebar, click `Pages`.

(3) Under "Build and deployment", under "Source", select Deploy from a branch. Then, use the branch dropdown menu and select a publishing source.

### 4. Enjoy

Fire up a browser and go to `https://<username>.github.io`

> Note that it can take up to 10 minutes for changes to your site to publish after you push the changes to GitHub.


## License

Copyright Sen Li, 2023-2025. Licensed under an MIT license. You can copy and mess with this template.
